Fix documentation, grammar, and spelling in bindings T (#19601)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.tr064/README.md

| `macSignalStrength1` | `Number`                  |    x     | WiFi Signal Strength of the device with the given MAC. This is set in case the Device is connected to 2.4GHz |
| `macSpeed1`          | `Number:DataTransferRate` |    x     | WiFi Speed of the device with the given MAC. This is set in case the Device is connected to 2.4GHz           |
| `macSignalStrength2` | `Number`                  |    x     | WiFi Signal Strength of the device with the given MAC. This is set in case the Device is connected to 5GHz   |
| `macSpeed2`          | `Number:DataTransferRate` |    x     | WiFi Speed of the device with the given MAC. This is set in case the Device is connected to 5GHz             |

_Note:_ The `wifi24GHzEnable`, `wifi5GHzEnable` and `wifiGuestEnable` channels have been deprecated and will be removed in future versions.
They are replaced by `wifiXEnable` (with `X` being a number between `1` and `4`).

- FritzBoxes which do not support 5 GHz use `wifi1Enable` for the standard WiFi and `wifi2Enable` for the guest WiFi.
- FritzBoxes which support 5 GHz use `wifi1Enable` for the 2.4 GHz WiFi, `wifi2Enable` for the 5 GHz WiFi and `wifi3Enable` for the guest WiFi.

> - FritzBoxes which support two 5 GHz networks use `wifi1Enable` for the 2.4 GHz WiFi, `wifi2Enable` and `wifi3Enable` for the 5 GHz WiFis and `wifi4Enable` for the guest WiFi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FritzBoxes which support two 5 GHz networks use `wifi1Enable` for the 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi, `wifi2Enable` and `wifi3Enable` for the 5 GHz Wi-Fis and `wifi4Enable` for the guest Wi-Fi.
```
